This is just a very short, very lecture, there's a particular fact you do need to know for the exam
about redis so you might see an exam question that pops up that asks you how you can password protect
a Alastor Cash Radice cluster.
And the way you would do that is using what's called the Orff command.
So there's a duty up here.
So it uses tokens and it enables readies to require a token, which can be a password before allowing
clients to execute commands, improving security.
You can require that users enter the token on the token protected server so it can be forced, you can
make sure that the only way to access that ready server is by entering the password.
Now, you probably don't need to know the specific API parameters, but these are the apre API parameters
that need to be used.
And you use these when you create your replication group or cluster.
But you can also enable authentication on existing Redish cluster also by using the API.
So just watch out for that one.
It can pop up in the exam.
So you'll know that if a question comes up asking how you can password protect a server, think about
tokens, think about redis auth because some of this terminology might come up as an answer.